proofread deployment docs (#1308)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/upgrade-from-v4.md

### Auth

#### Remove the Anonymous Mechanism

Remove the `alow_anonymous` configuration item. All client connections are allowed by default.

> If **add and enable** any authenticator, EMQX will perform an authentication check for all new connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one **adds and enable*s* any authenticator, EMQX will perform authentication checks for all new connections.
```

#### Redis

> 1. Redis data source still only supports white list mode, which requires setting `acl_nomatch = deny`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Redis data source still only supports allow list mode, which requires setting `acl_nomatch = deny`;
```
?
